now we ask ourselves the question
how
do nfds work right we've answered the
question what are they we've answered
the question what's fungibility versus
non-fungibility
and we've answered the question why do
we need them but
how would nfts operate in reality right
because it's a concept it's a protocol
of sorts right it's not really a
physical representation of anything the
concept is the concept nft is a concept
a non-fungible token but now we have to
get to well how would people implement
that and so we get over to the
blockchain right the blockchain powers
nfts the blockchain
technology is the backbone
that we are going to
implement nfts on as a society okay
that
is
the blockchain
and so when you ask what is the
blockchain
there's a lot of things that the
blockchain is and a lot of things that
it provides but at the end of the day
blockchain is a type of decentralized
storage
think of a database that is sharded into
a million little blocks and copied
across
multiple different systems and everyone
keeps a ledger of that data
blockchain is type of decentralized
storage
and is again in itself a concept kind of
like nfts and it's down to the actual
implementation to determine okay this
technology as a concept what do we do
with it how do we build it and from that
we got ethereum we got bitcoin we get
all of these other different coins with
different tokenomics that are all built
on the same
backbone that is blockchain but don't
get it twisted
just because all these different
technologies are built on the blockchain
doesn't mean that they all have
the same
value right
that's why bitcoin
has different economics than ethereum
bitcoin you have to mine every token and
there's a finite amount ethereum is kind
of like the oil of the blockchain
industry you burn it in order to get
things done right and by burning it you
spend energy
so
blockchain itself is the decentralized
storage portion with
a bit more on top of it and a bit more
nuance but the technology of blockchain
is that decentralized storage portion
and so then you ask yourself well what
are we getting
out of the blockchain right
and so that itself is
we are getting interoperability
trade-ability immutability
liquidity and programmability those are
the things that we want to get out of
the blockchain
for nfts specifically
if we want to have non-fungible tokens
if we want to have ownership of assets
on the blockchain right if we want to
have true non-fungible tokens ownership
of a good on the blockchain we need
interoperability trade-ability
immutability liquidity and
programmability
let's zoom in on those